## Jailbyte

Albeit simple devices, USB drives are no longer of the same level that we have always been used to. Gone are the days when we would have dozens of them hiding within our drawers and cupboards, containing pictures, videos, and long-forgotten homework.
As a society, we have surpassed the limits of using them as portable storage, with a hard limit of 8GB. Heck, these days you can run a whole operating system directly from a [16-32GB USB](https://uk.pcmag.com/migrated-3765-windows-10/88253/how-to-run-windows-from-a-usb-drive), though it's likely to be somewhat slower to respond.
Therein lies the problem: with ever-increasing USB sizes (far exceeding the limits of 1TB) and the ease of producing these portable devices, how can we securely determine what is on these devices without proper tools or sacrificing the time to trudge through the sheer archives present on a drive?
This exact problem is faced daily by US and Australian prisons. Where the ratio of prison officers is approximately [10:1](https://prisonandprobationjobs.gov.uk/about-hmpps/about-the-prison-service/#:~:text=Every%20prison%20has%20its%20own,others%20as%20few%20as%20160.), there is no environment where the challenge is more pronounced. Even a few gigabytes of unchecked storage could conceal illicit material—or far worse.
Now, imagine that all these prisoners depend on data, just like the rest of the world, to the point that each prisoner wishes to bring some in with them, for whatever legal or illegal reason. As correctional officers are unable to keep up with the rising increase in data capacity, many have reverted to employing time travel techniques - well, not exactly.
To resolve this issue, prisons in the US and Australia have imposed [a limit of `20 floppy disks` per person](https://itc.ua/en/news/it-s-like-1985-us-prison-inmates-are-forced-to-use-floppy-disks-old-pcs-and-software-to-solve-legal-issues/) - comparing that to a `2GB USB`, prevalent in most if not all households across the world, this is about `1.44%` in capacity. The only way prison inmates are allowed to access their legal data is in private security areas within some prisons, but even then, these can take weeks to book.
What is most interesting in this paradigm is that not only do computers in prisons have to deal with solutions that permit access to reading floppy disks, but law firms dealing with prisons also have to deal with the capabilities of reading their clients' legal data. However, going further into it, with the ease with which [floppy disks break](https://softhandtech.com/what-are-the-weaknesses-of-a-floppy-disk/?utm_source=chatgpt.com), there is a high probability that most inmates will use 10-15 at most, with the rest as backups. Significantly decreasing the actual capacity within which prisoners can work.
The real question is... Do you think there is a chance of an underground ring selling copies of [Zork](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zork), too?
