## Clickware

Writing a blog is difficult; it's a constant challenge to find a topic that is genuinely gripping not only to share with the reader but also to keep the Author interested. Apply that with a focus on writing a tech blog series, specifically in the age of AI, where [78% of organisations](https://www.mckinsey.com/capabilities/quantumblack/our-insights/the-state-of-ai) use some Artificial Intelligence solution. It isn't easy to find those snippets that are worth sinking your teeth into.
The difficulty with tech news does not generally include the difficulty of bias; tech is the way it is. Unless the reader finds themselves looking at hardware or software specifications or benchmarks, most technology information should be uniform. Then why is all of it so damn boring?
The way news is served to the readers falls into four distinct categories. These are:

- The Noisy News - These are the stories that spam anything and everything in your direction. Whether they are on the level of "rating" a new peripheral or hardware piece, promoting software or talking about the littlest development in the "tech industry".
- The 'Gamer' News - It's difficult not to put this topic into the same boat as the `Noisy News`, as it is, for the most part, news produced for the sake of writing something. Most times, they do feel as though they are made by sites that don't precisely know what gaming is, and will just find themselves rewriting patch notes, or writing about ['this redditor...'](https://www.gamesradar.com/hardware/gaming-mice/reddit-reckons-logitech-has-the-top-gaming-mouse-but-ive-been-testing-a-rodent-that-could-knock-the-superlight-off-its-throne/) and then it does just generally fold itself into further Noisy News
- The Financial News - These are the types of news where [`<insert FAANG name here> has to pay X amount`](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/c3dr91z0g4zo) for some naturally bad thing they have done. Which, for the most part, feels more like Business news (in the case of the linked article, BBC will open the article and not mention "Technology" as a sub-category).
- The Actual News - The pieces that don't fall into any of the previous categories, they don't feel noisy and generally they don't feel as though the article treats you on the same level as it would do anyone else in the industry. The tech pieces that open a reader's eyes and generally educate them.

Considering all of the above, there is no indication that the authors of these pieces are not proficient in their field or that they lack writing skills. The more sites that open up, the greater the competition for an audience, and even more so to keep up with the speed at which new technology is released and requires coverage. Having spent hours perusing topics for this blog (and it is only number 4?), no one news provider is above the others, but [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/) have never failed to sate that tech news hunger.
